and in fourth place is Excellency.
They're now entering the final straight.
On the inside, it's Tour d'Ivoire
hanging on at second place
while Satono Diamond moves up on the outside!
Go get 'em, Dia-chan!
Satono Diamond on the outside!
With 200 meters left, she's taken
the lead by one length!
Satono Diamond presses through!
And she crosses the goal!
We've got a new heroine
in the Satono family!
She did it!
Way to run!
Satono Diamond finishes her
debut race with a victory!
I must say, that was impressive
acceleration from her.
I'm looking forward to
seeing where her path goes.
We've had a year of many
races featuring many stories,
and next week the fan vote
for the Arima Kinen begins.
Yamamoto-san, what kind of lineup
will we be looking at this year?
Bravo Day won the Fall Tennoushou,
and Kitasan Black won the Kikkashou,
so they seem very likely.
But given that she's run in the
Arima Kinen three times before
and is on a six-win streak in the G1,
I'd count on seeing Gold Ship.
Where Gold Ship's concerned,
I think that shocking Takarazuka Kinen
is still fresh in everyone's memories.
That is true. I'd say that part of her
charm is you can never tell what'll happen
when she's running in a race.
I think we can look forward to seeing
how her fourth Arima Kinen turns out.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
Episode 3
The Dream Never Ends
All right, then, to Dia-chan's
debut and her first victory.
Cheers!
S
A
T
O
C
H
E
V
A
L
How many times have we toasted already?
Why am I even here?
Faux Draft Beer
Hey, you can never celebrate too much!
Now, let's get a word from
today's star, Dia-chan herself!
After making my debut today, I feel
like I'm finally at the starting line.
Thank you all for cheering for me!
Now, then! What would you say
is your goal moving forward?
Goal?
Yeah!
I'm targeting next year's
classic Triple Crown races.
First, at the Satsukishou,
I want to win a G1 title that the
Satono family has wanted for so long.
Let's work hard, Dia.
And bring victory to the Satono family.
Right!
Next up, let's hear what
Cheval-chan's goal is!
I have to do this?
Sure do!
I'm really frustrated that my injuries
in the spring kept me from
running in the classics.
So next year, I'm gonna turn
it around and win a G1!
And now it's your turn.
What, me?
Go on, then.
Uh, well, I guess...
The Arima Kinen!
I've always wanted to run
in the Arima Kinen!
The Arima Kinen...
You'll probably make it in, right?
Yeah, considering you won the Kikkashou.
Oh, right... maybe I will?
That'd be great!
I'm sure you'll make it.
Dia-chan...
Yeah!
Okay!
And now, a toast to all our futures!
Again?!
Yes!
Then I get to run at Arima?!
It's not final yet, but between
your schedule, the length,
and how you ran at the Kikkashou,
I think you've got a proper chance.
That's great!
Last time, you were racing against
other girls from your generation,
but at Arima, you'll be going up against
fully formed runners from the senior class.
You better be ready!
Right!
Congratulations, Kita-san.
This is great!
You've made it it!
Good luck, Kita-chan!
Teio-san, everyone...
Right! I'll do my best!
Wh-What was that!?
Oof, what a mess.
It really is.
Hey! What the hell did you do?!
I had some trouble getting out of the gate.
Aw, come on, I'm begging you...
I don't need to deal with another
nightmare like at the Takarazuka Kinen.
You messed that one up.
Really bad, in fact.
You finally managed to
pass the gate exam again,
but if you screw up at the Japan Cup...
Relax.
I'm gonna have a perfect start next
time and get my seventh G1 turf win.
From there, it's into the Arima
for a historic eight-win streak!
Dream a little less and train a little more!
I cannot believe her at times.
Golshi-san seems really fired up.
Well, I'm expecting a lot
from you too, Kitasan!
Okay! I'm fired up too!
Arima, Arima, Arima!
Aim for the Arima!
Okay, no matter who I race
against, I won't lose!
Team Spica
Join us or get
left in the mud
I heard your melody during the
chrysanthemum concerto, my dear!
Belissima, Kitasan Black.
S
O
U
I am Sounds of Earth.
O-Okay.
A race is an ensemble performance
between the earth and a horse girl!
And all horse girls are gifted musicistas!
Now, you and I will make
such beautiful music...
Your face! Your face is really close!
When I fly against you,
I will demonstrate my
virtuoso talent at Arima...
Way too close!
Enough, Earth!
What the heck are you doing?
Nature-san!
Oh my, and just when we were harmonizing.
I'm looking forward to it, Kitasan Black.
When we join the orchestra
at the Arima Kinen!
That girl...
Sorry about that, Kitasan. I guess
our newbie was being kind of a pain.
Your newbie?!
So, Earth-san's on Team Canopus.
She's a bit of an oddball.
But there's more to her than that.
Earth is strong.
Her running in the Arima might mean
the first G1 victory ever for Canopus!
You're gonna be running in it too, right?
Yeah. It's not finalized yet,
but my trainer says it's pretty likely!
You sound thrilled.
Yeah! I've always wanted to run in it!
The Arima Kinen is a special race to me.
Arima Kinen
That race, huh?
You've run in it before
too, right, Nature-san?
And somehow I got third
place three years in a row.
But the Arima Kinen is
a bit of a special one.
It really is!
Thank you so much, Nature-san.
Wh-Where'd that come from?
I'm only able to run in the Arima
because I won the Kikkashou.
If you hadn't given me all that advice...
You did all the running yourself.
I didn't really do anything.
Still...
Don't worry about that.
Just focus on running in the Arima.
If you need to talk, I'll be here.
Right! Thank you so much, Nature-sensei!
C-Come on, "sensei"?
Hell yeah! How's that?!
Was that a perfect start or what?!
Yeah. If you can keep it up,
you should be fine.
How you like me now?! I've got the
Japan Cup wrapped up at this rate!
Honestly... you must realize
that complacency is a threat.
Hey, thanks, McQueen.
Almost done!
Hang in there, Kita-san!
You managed to put in your best
time today at the very end there!
Yes!
Here you go.
Thank you!
Hey, you just finish up too?
Yeah!
But I'm gonna do one more lap!
Kita-san, your bottle!
She's still running?
She's hit her growth spurt, after all.
There's only a month left in the year.
Have you all decided what
you want for Christmas?
There!
You're a life-saver, Kita-chan!
It was no trouble at all!
That reminds me. I voted for you
to get into the Arima Kinen.
R-Really?!
Me too. Here, take this.
We're rooting for you, so work hard.
Thank you so much!
The Japan Cup Turns into War!
Gold Ship Comes In at 10th Place after Failing to Come from Behind!!
Come on, Kita-chan, wake up.
I miss my bed...
Breakfast this morning is your favorite:
carrots and rice, with banana steak.
Okay then! I'm gonna
eat a lot and train a lot again today!
What's going on?
BREAKING NEWS
GOLD SHIP
URGENT PRESS CONFERENCE
BEWARE OF FLASHING CAMERA LIGHTS
Golshi-san?
I appreciate you all showing up today.
BREAKING NEWS
GOLD SHIP
URGENT PRESS CONFERENCE
BEWARE OF FLASHING CAMERA LIGHTS
I've called this conference in
order to make an announcement
regarding a decision I've made.
What decision?
My name is Gold Ship,
BREAKING NEWS
GOLD SHIP
URGENT PRESS CONFERENCE
BEWARE OF FLASHING CAMERA LIGHTS
and after the Arima Kinen, I will be
moving on to the Dream Trophy League.
That would mean you won't be running
in the Twinkle Series anymore.
That's right.
As far as my Twinkle Series goes...
The Arima Kinen will be my last run.
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
Her last run?
Golshi-san!
Um... Is it true? About your last run.
Yep.
The Satsukishou and Kikkashou.
My first Arima Kinen too.
I managed to clobber everyone.
I started in the back, and just flew up...
Leaving them all in the dust.
That was how I used to race.
But lately...
At some point, I couldn't do it anymore.
I started having trouble
controlling my emotions...
You weren't like that before?
Got bad at exiting the gate too.
It's like I've lost all kinds of focus.
What the hell do I discard here?
Hasn't that always been the case?
Anyway, that about covers it.
And... that's why you're
having your last run?
Quit looking like someone died.
My dream's not over yet.
At the Arima before last,
I lost to the tyrant,
and in the next one,
the lady stole it from me.
When I take the Arima this year,
it'll be seven G1 wins for me...
I'll savor the sweet taste of victory.
Golshi-san...
You're gonna cry for my last run?
Because...
Your last run... I might win it
and ruin your taste of victory!
Why you little—where do you get off?!
Say your prayers, you little runt!
And you had better not pull any punches
on my last run, growth spurter!
Don't be late out of the gate, Golshi-san!
Why, is this the mouth that's
spouting off such cheeky nonsense?!
Now then! Let's celebrate
Dia-chan's second victory...
Cheers!
Celebrating Dia-chan's second win!
I hope my win today helps
you tomorrow, Kita-chan.
It totally will! I'm feeling
really brave and motivated!
(Turf)
Arima Kinen
December 27th
Sunday
Nakayama Racecourse
It's almost time.
Yeah... for the Arima Kinen.
Kita-chan?
A last run... I wonder what that feels like.
I don't know...
But I don't think we need to know, just yet.
All we can do is focus
on the races in front of us.
Dia-chan...
You're going to send Golshi-san off,
right? Then good luck!
Yeah!
I'm gonna win it!
There's a chill in the winter air
here at the Nakayama Racecourse
with a crowd of 120,000 gathered this year.
But the expectations of these fans
is enough to fight through the frosty weather.
It all comes down to this:
the G1 Arima Kinen!
With me is Yamamoto-san on color,
and I have to say, we've got
quite an impressive lineup.
That is true.
Coming off two G1 wins and and second place
in the fan vote, we've got Bravo Day,
and the winner of this year's
Kikkashou, Kitasan Black,
along with Sounds of Earth, who has been
looking sharper and sharper since fall.
The sibling clash between River Light
and Parole should also be interesting.
But I have to say, the spotlight
is on the number one in the fan vote,
who will be running her last run
in the Twinkle Series, Gold Ship.
Come on, Gold Ship!
You can do it, Earth!
Go, Earth!
It's cold, but hot, and I'm
nervous, but really excited.
This is the Arima Kinen.
I'm... standing on the stage for the Arima.
Arima Kinen
Nakayama               Turf\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h
And the horse girls have entered the gate.
This will be the grand prix
that closes the year,
the Arima Kinen.
And they're off to a beautiful start!
Okay!
She's got a bit of a competition,
but Kitasan Black has taken the lead.
On the inside is All Haiyu, and behind
her is Sounds of Earth!
Gold Ship is at the rear, as is her style.
And the 16 runners are now entering
the home stretch of their first lap!
Go for it, Earth! Win a G1!
Who am I supposed to
root for, Golshi or Kitasan?!
Both of them, obviously!
You can do it, Kita-chan!
So this is Gold Ship's—
So this is Gold Ship's last run.
Everyone dreams about a grand prix win,
and countless famous stories have
played out here at the Arima Kinen.
Symboli Rudolf proved she was
the strongest of her generation.
Manhattan Cafe marked a
changing of the guard.
Who are you?
And then, in her last run
for the Twinkle series,
Oguri Cap made an
explosive return to form.
Seriously, who?!
With their similar hair color,
it's hard not to hope for something
similar from Gold Ship...
Care for a drink?
Kitasan Black has control
of the momentum for now.
With the cheers pushing her forward,
she's passed the first corner!
Next up is #12, Parole.
Then on the inside, All Haiyu,
and Sounds of the Earth
running along the outside,
along with #4, Bravo Day, #5,
Great House, and #2, Brave Target!
I can feel the pressure
coming from the veterans!
Rounding the second corner, they're
headed down the other straightaway.
We've got a narrow, lengthy lineup this time.
Still at the head is #11, Kitasan Black,
with #12, Parole, behind her.
And now we see a blurry gray silhouette
There she goes!
as Gold Ship takes action!
She's charging steadily on! We can see
her gaining steadily on the outside!
Can—
Can Gold Ship pull it off?
With such a long spurt?!
Coming around the fourth corner, we have
River Light and then Sounds of Earth!
On the inside, All Haiyu
is picking up the pace!
All right, go for it, Earth!
They've entered the final straight!
Kitasan Black is in the lead! Kitasan Black!
You can do it, Kita-chan!
Two hundred meters to go! Hang in there!
Come on!
Kitasan Black is on the run!
River Light is moving up!
But here comes Gold Ship!
Gold Ship is closing in!
It's the return of Gold Ship!
Show us an amazing come-from-behind win again!
Go, Gold Ship!
Come on, you can do it!
Use everything you've got!
The unsinkable Gold Ship's last run!
Will the glittering cheers of
the crowd lead her to victory?!
But she's not gaining!
Gold Ship is not gaining!
In the front is Kitasan Black,
River Light, and #7, All Haiyu!
Kitasan Black holds on!
Almost there... almost there!
Almost there! Almost there!
But here comes All Haiyu, with the pass!
And Sounds of Earth moves up as well!
All Haiyu places first!
And there's the goal!
All Haiyu has won on this
most glamorous of stages!
I did it!
In second place is Sounds of Earth!
Ah, never a finer concerto have I ever heard!
Second place! You did good!
The Kikkashou winner,
Kitasan Black, is third place.
And the most popular runner, Gold Ship,
finishes her last run in eighth.
What's up?
I thought you were gonna win on my last run?
Golshi-san...
Golshi-san!
Seriously, quit acting like someone died.
You did great!
Good race!
Thank you for keeping us on the
edge of our seats yet again!
Six G1 wins! That's an
amazing record, Gold Ship!
And it ain't over yet!
Say your prayers, Orfevre and Gentildonna!
Payback for the Twinkle Series is coming
for you in the Dream Trophy League!
My dream will never end! And I'm
gonna prove that to all of you!
We're going to see them battle again...
The golden voyage isn't finished yet!
Golshi! Golshi!
Honestly... she's standing out more
in eighth place than the winner.
That's our Gold Ship, all right.
And now a toast to my first Arima!
Faux Draft Beer
You were so close, Kita-chan.
A third place finish at the Arima
is something to be proud of.
Yeah, that was a good race.
Thanks, everybody!
But...
I wish I could've won the Arima Kinen.
Kita-chan...
Hey.
Golshi-san?
Yours now.
You've got one so far.
I managed six...
So let's see how many you can put together.
Does she mean...
I'm gonna surpass you, Golshi-san!
I'll get six, and even more!
My dream has just begun.
And when the New Year begins, I'm sure...
Okay! Here's a toast to my future!
Another one?!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org